Updating Product OS sidebar (#11067)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/_snippets/identify-how-it-works.mdx

When a user starts browsing your website or app, PostHog automatically assigns them an **anonymous ID**, which is stored locally. 

Provided you've [configured persistence](/docs/libraries/js/persistence) to use cookies or `localStorage`, this enables us to track anonymous users – even across different sessions.

By calling `identify` with a `distinct_id` of your choice (usually the user's ID in your database, or their email), you link the anonymous ID and distinct ID together.

> Thus all past and future events made with that anonymous ID are now associated with the distinct ID. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus, all past and future events made with that anonymous ID are now associated with the distinct ID. 
```

This enables you to do things like associate events with a user from before they log in for the first time, or associate their events across different devices or platforms.

<details>
  <summary>Using `identify` in the backend</summary>

>   Although it is technically possible to call `identify` using our backend SDKs, it is typically most useful in frontends. This is because there is no concept of anonymous sessions in the backend SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Although you can call `identify` using our backend SDKs, it is used most in frontends. This is because there is no concept of anonymous sessions in the backend SDKs, so calling `identify` only updates person profiles. 
```
